Added DataHandler for NpcTalk (#2525)
Pryaxis/TShock: CHANGELOG.md

## TShock 4.5.12
* Fixed the ability to spawn Zenith projectile with non-original items. (@AgaSpace)

> * Added hook `GetDataHandlers.OnNpcTalk` for NpcTalk and a handler for it that stopping unregistered and logged out players to interact with NPC, preventing them to smuggling or duplicating items via NPC item slots. (@tru321)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added hook `GetDataHandlers.OnNpcTalk` for NpcTalk and a handler for it that stops unregistered and logged out players from interacting with NPCs, preventing them from smuggling or duplicating items via NPC item slots. (@tru321)
```
